here we have tied you sex
goal and see what we did
this is the back she is practically not
visible but kept the picture see not
stands out among all steamed on the can
on there is nothing at all will be the line
our
Seamless to the line looks great
again it is almost invisible
here we are going to disperse now and
we will wash from a pari in general
someone's on the bottom is very good
It turned out that you can sew with a pimp
button
can a little donut anything
drawing saved under the cast took
still so in the end we each wedge
matches your damage we are all right
with you calculated see wedge goes rhombus
wedge from bedroom saved the entire drawing
removed hid the seam saved glue not
calculated everything right everything is fine hat
wonderful done it won't
and you even stretch the back side here
this is my back seam
date its seam is almost invisible here we are
could save the picture can not see anything
can not see the seams please if here
add
visor it will be completely athletic
great boy cap
but so wonderful hat
it turns out time to make hats
together with the record it took me about 3 hours
if you do not record and do not like this
here diligently showed each
movement as I did, I do not show
all calculations drawings
and and everything else I would sit down and make me
it would take a little more than an hour to do it all
such a cap, that is, I am on such a cap
wonderful spend
no more than an hour because this drawing
it is not necessary to choose completely
any other diamond pattern and are shown
for example how to combine diamonds and
wedges because if done differently
it will be ugly i showed how
you can combine the drawing with the wings
it could be done differently
big wedge not even glue on some
different pattern and big glue because
I think this design aesthetics
on the most important thing is necessary so that was all
closed that everything was neat and
Like this can this not striking
but this is done carefully to me not
ashamed of such a product my child
will wear this hat with pleasure
there will be no overlaps behind me
kills when the hat seems to be done
the front is beautifully back full
mismatch knocked figure both sewn
the seam is badly seen we do everything
high quality hat ready to remain her
just wet pull on the jar
dry you can wear already autumn is necessary
to warm themselves all such wonderful things
you can knit yourself
if you're interested, go to the hut
visual site there is a complete master class
for making such a hat you warm
you yourself warm your children husbands to everyone
will be where we are warm